feat: Fragment identifier full line ignore (#2626)
docsifyjs/docsify: docs/embed-files.md

```

In your code file you need to surround the fragment between `/// [demo]` lines (before and after the fragment).

> Alternatively you can use `### [demo]`. If you want the full line containing the identifier to be omitted in the fragment output you can add the option `:fragmentFullLine`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively you can use `### [demo]`. By default, only identifiers are omitted. To omit the entire line containing the identifier in the fragment output, you can add the `:omitFragmentLine` option.
```
```
